iSecur TODO
-----------

Someday this list will go online ...



Unconfirmed
-----------

These are the bugs I haven't been able to reproduce myself.  Usually they are
only reported by one single individual or they are only reproducable on real
devices (eg. not in the simulator/emulator).
I will try to verify the code which I belives to be the culprit.  However, I am
always on the lookout for more data which can help me in identifying where the
problem lies.

* (BUG) On a further note, quickfind still has navigation problems as follows

Steps
1. Open isecur
2. Press a letter for quickfind
3. Press down on 5 way navigation key
4. Record at top of displayed list is correctly highlighted
5. Press another letter for quickfind
6. Press down on 5 way navigation key
7. Record after last quickfind (step 4) is highlighted instead of top of currently
displayed list
8. Move focus to category selection
9. Press a letter for quickfind
10. Press down on 5 way navigation key
11. Record at top of displayed list is correctly highlighted
12. Open any record
13. Return to list of records

Follow the above steps again and the correct highlighting no longer occurs
after a quickfind.

* (BUG) The annoying bug that deletes a record on exit seems to be partly fixed.
Ie. when exit it does not delete the record (GOOD) but on return into 'isecur'
it is in edit mode on a different record.

* (BUG) I have IconDB with 221 Icons. Isecur show only first 216 icons (27*8).
When i add to my Icon set next 3 (to be 224 - (28*80), Isecur stay show only
216. I must create Icon set with 225 icons, to show my 224 icons.

* (BUG) "When we enter the edit form, which field is the focus? the Title or the Secret? So that we can write down directly?" - 5 way nav ring apparently doesn't set focus correctly on certain devices.

* (BUG) "Using the Scroll hard-button is confusing. First, I must tap the
secret field. Then, when I push the scroll down hard-button, it scrolls
once. Pushing the scroll-down HB again, the pointer move to title field.
Again, it moves to secret field, and so on." - 5 way ...

* (BUG) Import bug:
"Here is how I get the problem:

I start by exporting my templates from "Secure It" to Memos.
I then delete the templates from Secure It.
I then use Sit2iSecur to copy the Secure It database to iSecur.
Then, from iSecur, I try to import the templates from Memos using
the options:
   "I/E" -> "Import"
>From the Import screen I select the templates Category (where I exported the Secure It templates to Memos).
I try clicking the "All" button at the bottom of the screen but it 
does not work so I check the boxes to select all my 5 templates.
I then click the "Import" button.
The "import Settings" screen appears:
    I select Import to: Templates
    I DON'T select "Delete after import"
    I DO select "Import as templates"

I then click the "Import" button.

The "Inport Status" box appears:
   It says: "0 Memo(s) was succesfully imported."  

I check iSecur and the templates have NOT been imported.

PS: I have approximately 160 records in Secure It/iSecur"

* (BUG) I wasn't able to use copy/paste commands (via tapping icon on appeared
command bar) when entering data after loading a template.




Confirmed
---------

These are the bugs I can reproduce on my devices and/or on the simulator or
emulator.

!!! FIXED !!! * (BUG) The 5 way key navigation still does not work when viewing
!!! FIXED !!! a record (NOT in edit mode)

!!! FIXED !!! * (BUG) "Ok, here's what happens.  When I first launch iSecur-1.6
!!! FIXED !!! it prompts:- The iSecure database was not found so a new database
!!! FIXED !!! will be created....etc, tap next.  Tap and drag your stylus...etc,
!!! FIXED !!! Next screen says Enter new password, if I use the password
!!! FIXED !!! generator or make up my own and confirm my E hangs and requires
!!! FIXED !!! a reset."

* (BUG) Moreover, I have a Tungsten C. I tested the "5 way up/down is page
up/down" option that I never used before in iSecur. I found that, if I press
up/down buttons of the central "joystick" of my T|C, nothing happens whatever
the option was checked or not. I mean: when I press the button up/down of the
joystick I can see a refresh of the screen but nothing happens: neither the
selected item scrolls down one item nor one page. Is it a bug? I don't think
I'm using any particular application which can conflicts with iSecur. 

* (BUG) Only it would be nice if the "up/down" rocker would move up and down
the list. (I have a Treo 650).

* (BUG) Jeg kan ikke scrolle ned i min liste over secrets med min 5 way knap,
uanset om jeg har slået "5 way op/ned..." funktionen til eller fra.
Når jeg trykker nedad, kan jeg i kort blink se listen rykke 1 side ned, og så
op til toppen igen. Er jeg bladret ned i listen med scroll-baren, og så trykker
på "5-way" (op,ned,høje eller venstre) rykker listen helt til top igen.

* (BUG) Screen refresh in non-english languages.  Category drop down destroys
title and button on keyword screen destroys password generator button.

* (BUG) Importing doesn't work: "It told me that was not able to import record
from 178 to  188 (or similar). I don't understand why. I checked for all my
records but apparently all of them were imported (I don't think to be able to
check if all the fields were imported for each record, of course)."



Enhancements
------------

* (RFE) I use DateBk. In this Icons is show as group of 1-13 in first collum,
14-.. in next... Maybe if I remember OK, Agendust show icons as well,
IconMgr too. Isecur show icons in rows, not in collums. Is possible change
or set to select this order ? Is possible skip in icon view not as rows, but
as pages ?

* (RFE)  As well, if I type 2 or more letters within less than (say) two
seconds, it would be nice if it would then jump down to entries starting
with those letters. (it works for one now ). This seems to be the way
"one-handed" lookups are going.

* (RFE) Support for 320 x 480.

* (RFE) You really need to make arrow buttons on icon selection form to scroll
up/down the whole page not just one line (don't forget about 5-way navigation
as well)

!!! FIXED !!! * (RFE) Too many taps when logging in.  When tapping OK on the
!!! FIXED !!! keyboard form the password form should be acknowledged as well.

* (RFE) The icon set to be used must be selectable from the prefs screen.

* BEFORE RELEASE: rework icon screen

