Standard CSV format specification

CSV is a file format used as a portable representation of a database. Each line
is one entry or record and the fields in a record are separated by commas (some
rare cases use semicolons).     Commas may be preceded or followed by arbitrary
space and/or tab characters which are ignored.

If field includes a comma or a new line, the whole field must be surrounded
with double quotes. When the field is in quotes, any quote literals must be
escaped by \" Backslash literals must be escaped by \\. Otherwise a backslash
and the character following it will be treated as the following character, ie.
"\n" is equivalent to "n". Other escape sequences are "\n\r\t\f". Text that
comes after quotes that have been closed but come before the next comma will be
ignored.

Empty fields are returned as as String of length zero: "". The following line
has four empty fields and two non-empty fields in it. There is an empty field
on each end, and two in the middle:

,second,, ,fifth,

Blank lines are always ignored. Other lines will be ignored if they start with
# or !



Excel CSV format specification

Excel CSV is a file format used as a portable representation of a database.
Each line is one entry or record and the fields in a record are separated by
commas (some rare cases use semicolons).

If field includes a comma or a new line, the whole field must be surrounded
with double quotes. When the field is in quotes, any quote literals must be
escaped by two quotes ("").   Text that comes after quotes that have been
closed but come before the next comma will be ignored.

Empty fields are returned as as String of length zero: "". The following line
has three empty fields and three non-empty fields in it. There is an empty
field on each end, and one in the middle. One token is returned as a space:

,second,, ,fifth,

Blank lines are always ignored. There are no line comment characters which
would signal that a line should be ignored..

The CSV that Excel outputs differs from the generally accepted standard CSV
standard in several respects:

    * Leading and trailing whitespace is significant.
    * A backslash is not a special character and is not used to escape
      anything.
    * Quotes inside quoted strings are escaped with a double quote rather
      than a backslash.
    * Excel may convert data before putting it in CSV format:
          o Tabs are converted to a single space.
          o New lines in the data are always represented as the UNIX new line.
            ("\n")
          o Numbers that are greater than 12 digits may be represented in
            truncated scientific notation form.
